(monitor beeping steadily)
(device beeping rhythmically)
Count, please.
Set to ten times.
30... 150...
160.
Good, that's it.
Mark and cut.
(beeping stops)
So did I hear whispers
about, uh,
You and charlie breaking up?
Are you trying to rattle me?
'cause I am focusing on
Whether or not
her breast cancer has spread.
They're keeping it
professional at work.
Oh, I'll take that as true.
(beeping)
160.
(beeping stops)
Cautery and tonsil clamp.
Okay, well...
I respect that. (grunts)
So he broke up with you?
No.
It wasn't that definitive.
Oh.
Good. Now,
to keep the lines clean,
Just put your hand here,
pinch the other hand,
And pinch, pull down...
You can tug. It's strong.
Okay. All done?
Pinch and pull down.
Is there anything else
I can get you, emilia?
Uh, yeah, is there
any way you can get someone
To fix my tv?
Does she look like
a concierge?
Dr. Reid, let's go.
I'll see what I can do.
What about this patient?
You got the pathology report?
Mm-hmm.
That's a modification
of s.B.R. Cancer grading, right?
So nottingham 7
is a high score.
Considering
the nottingham scale
Only goes to 9,
I'd say so.
Why wasn't this picked up
in earlier mammograms?
Um, she hadn't had one
in a few years.
(scoffs) wow, this woman
is in serious denial.
Why is that?
A 2.5 centimeter tumor
in the lower pole?
If she takes a bath
or puts on a bra,
She would have felt it.
Perhaps she thought
it was benign tissue.
Not at her age.
And what age is that?
16? 75?
Do you have to make
everything a test?
Okay.
See the relationship between
the stroma and the lobules.
They're almost equal, which
means she's not producing milk.
So she's menopausal.
Clever girl.
So what's your recommendation?
A t2 triple negative tumor
with a nottingham 7 grade--
Has to come out fast,
as I'm sure you've told her.
I didn't, but you just did.
Dana...
(types)
turns out wearing a white coat
doesn't make me immune.
(sighs)
(folder rustles)
♪
(kate herzig)
♪ you dare me to dance
(camera shutter clicking)
♪ you offer your hand
You're kind of young
for a hip implant, aren't you?
Too old to dance...
But just old enough to qualify
for the endura-hip.
How's my star patient?
Joel!
You made it.
(camera shutter continues
clicking)
I did.
Uh, danny,
get a picture of me
And the world's best
hip surgeon.
I'm just here for moral support.
Get your butt over here.
Yeah, go on. Go.
Come on, come on...
Okay, I'm not dancing.
Mm-hmm.
Mm.
Blake, any idea when this
campaign is gonna launch?
I doubt we'd be paying you
for an endorsement if f.D.A.
And health canada approval
wasn't imminent.
(chuckles)
Mm.
All right.
Mm-hmm. (grunts)
(camera shutter continues
clicking)
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Did I dip you too low?
Oh, no. No, it's okay.
It's a little achy lately.
It's just...
Probably the flu, karl.
(chuckles)
Honey, I'm karl.
Joel's the pretty one.
Hi, karl.
Mm.
This morning
she called me "jasper."
That's her dog's name.
How about when you're
done here,
You swing by the hospital.
Let me, uh...
Give you the once-over?
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah.
Danny...
Take a picture of us.
(camera shutter clicking)
Okay, here's what's
gonna happen.
But you don't know
what's gonna happen.
No one does.
What is it?
What's wrong?
What?
What's the real problem?
There isn't a problem.
Then let her do her job.
I'm waiting for her.
No, you're complaining.
You know what?
I'm gonna have to reschedule.
Dana, what the hell
is going on?
(sighs)
I'm afraid of needles.
(siren wailing in distance)
Good range of motion.
Well, it's not gonna
get me back on stage,
But, uh, I'll be happy
with climbing windows.
Honey, you mean
climb the stairs.
That's what I said.
You should check his hearing.
Well, the hip seems fine.
Um...
Yeah.
I would just like
to get some imaging
And take some blood,
just to rule out infection.
Okay.
Um, take a seat for me.
There is the tumor,
And there are the tiny
radioactive seeds...
(exhales deeply)
Kind of like laying down
a path of bread crumbs.
(clatters)
okay, I've got
to get back to work.
Um...
Here.
A lot of patients
like to keep this.
Do they?
It reminds them
of who their enemy is.
Hopefully, this will
lead your surgeon
Straight to the tumor.
Okay, let's go.
Who is your surgeon,
by the way?
You are.
Dana, I've only done
about 2 dozen lumpectomies.
They were all under
your supervision.
Now, dave rothbarts
at the general--
He's the king
of oncoplastics.
Actually, I am.
(sighs) yes.
But you can hardly
do surgery on yourself.
With you acting as my hands,
doing exactly what I say,
I think I can.
There are other surgeons.
Why me?
Because I trained you,
So I'll know I get
a clean cut and good margins.
Okay.
Maybe with enough time
and preparation, I can--
I booked the o.R. For Thursday.
You've got 48 hours.
(button clicks)
(siren wailing in distance)
(horns honking in distance)
Blake. (sighs)
What are you doing here?
Ever since I sold you
on the endura-hip,
We never seem to find
the time to just hang out.
And so I thought that
maybe... We could do dinner.
You really shouldn't
be looking at those.
I really shouldn't have
slept with you either,
But I did,
and it was fun.
Besides, paulina waived
her privacy rights
When she signed on to do
the implant trial.
And I don't see any signs
of loosening or early wear.
Yeah, those femoral and
acetabular components seem fine.
Yeah.
Hey.
(woman on p.A.) code blue
to the coffee kiosk.
We--we were heading home.
Then she just dropped.
Okay, okay.
Step back, charlie.
Yeah.
I got this.
(karl) can you tell me
what's going on?
Okay, ready?
Do fore and aft.
Here we go.
Okay, starting the first
cycle of compressions.
When we get the crash cart.
No rushing, steady pace.
(gurney clacks)
Let's go! Let's go!
(wheels clacking)
That's my life going away.
(sighs)
Yes, it is.
We gave her the full resus.
Sorry, man.
I was just dancing
with her.
What happened?
That's what I wanna know.
She's 40 years old.
How could this have
happened?
We all want answers, karl.
(joel) absolutely.
That's why we need you
to consent to an autopsy.
My hands are cold.
I want to warm them.
(blows raspberry)
Okay. I'm gonna
touch you now.
Mm-hmm.
I like to tell my patients
in advance.
(inhales deeply)
Just relax.
Oh, hmm.
What?
That's a large mass.
Am I squeezing too hard?
No male doctor
would ever ask me that.
You make being considerate
sound unprofessional.
Not on the patient.
(sighs) the tumor
is part of the patient.
All done.
I want to thank you
for having such faith in me.
Never thank anyone for what
you got by your own talent.
Wow. Using a compliment
to criticize--
I didn't think
it could be done.
Okay, I'd like
to get an m.R.I.
(scoffs) waste of money.
I've had
more than enough imaging.
Well, I don't want
any surprises
That might affect
your oncological management,
Or your reconstructive plan.
So...
(pen clicks)
What's that?
A standard
surgical consent form.
(clacks)
satisfied?
Dana...
That's where I sign.
You sign for the patient.
(clatters)
Thank you.
(thuds)
(clacks)
(clattering)
(sighs)
(whispers) this one. Okay.
Oh, great. You just ruined
a sterile tray.
Sorry. I have
choreographed every move.
My instruments need
to be lined up
In exactly this way.
Alex, look, I--
I know you're going through
some stuff with charlie,
But I know how to lay out
a lumpectomy tray.
This has to be perfect.
And it will be...
On the day.
When exactly
is the surgery?
11:00 a.M. Thursday.
Not in here, I mean,
Kinney has it booked
for some mystery guest.
(cell phone buzzes)
Who broke his nose
on his girlfriend's shoul--
dr. Reid.
What?! That's not
her call to make.
If alex is operating
in here,
Then what's dana doing?
Aren't they supposed
to be here
Every morning at 10:00 a.M.?
Mm-hmm.
Can you make sure that's
gonna happen for me?
Okay, good.
Thank you very much.
So you canceled
your blood tests?
There's zero indication
for b.R.C.A. Gene testing.
If I order a test,
I order it
Because I think
it's clinically relevant.
How? I'm not
of ashkenazi descent.
I know the criteria.
I don't have any first
or second degree relatives
With breast or ovarian cancer.
Didn't you say your mother
was spanish?
From galicia.
Okay, well, there is
a founder c211a mutation
That is associated with--
okay.
There's diligent, and then
there's just plain officious.
I don't need any more tests.
Stop wasting hospital money.
Hey, um, there's still
no sign of the tv guy.
I'll call him.
Oh, for god's sake.
You are a surgeon.
Act like one.
(sighs)
(siren wailing in distance)
hey.
How did the celebrity
photo shoot go?
Paulina durrell--
yeah.
The ballerina who was
part of it--
She was the code blue.
She didn't make it.
What? That's horrible.
What happened?
I have absolutely
no idea.
You know, I should go
to the cut now.
Let's talk about something else.
How was your day?
Mm.
Oy.
I'm a little nervous
about a lumpectomy
That I'm doing on Thursday.
Isn't it?
Yes, but this
particular patient
Is a very controlling,
intimidating type.
Well, um... Talk to dana.
She's pretty good
with tough patients.
Hey.
Thanks for coming, man.
Yeah, well, I know what
it's like to lose a patient.
What can I do?
I really need another
set of eyes on this.
Hello, blake.
What you doing here?
Are you worried about
litigation?
I see you haven't lost
your cynicism, charlie.
Yeah, any, uh,
findings on cause?
I believe the scientific term
for this is "whoa, mama."
That's a crazy big heart.
Yeah, the autopsy report
will indicate
Intrinsic cardiomyopathy.
And sectioning of the brain
revealed neurodegeneration
At a much higher rate
than I'd expect for her age.
Now when you were
with her earlier,
Did she exhibit any
neurological symptoms?
Uh, fatigue
and an odd kind of aphasia.
Uh, she would mix up nouns.
Okay, any common denominator
between brain and heart?
What would you expect
the cobalt ion content
Mm, I'm guessing maybe
1 or 2 micrograms per liter?
Right, well,
this poor woman's
Was higher by
a factor of 6,000.
Suggesting the hip implant
killed her?
That's a big leap, charlie.
Actually, I'm not
suggesting that at all.
Stating a fact.
This is what we suctioned
out of the capsule.
Metallosis.
Right.
And, uh, it didn't
show up on the x-ray,
But, um...
Down there on
the left-hand side of that?
A flaw
in the forging process?
Metal broke down...
Got into her bloodstream,
and it poisoned her.
That is exactly
what I was thinking.
Well, that's one theory.
I'm sure the metallurgists
will have one,
And the hematologists,
yet another.
There's nothing simple
about putting foreign objects
In the human body.
So instead of jumping
to conclusions,
How about we get this right?
First, I will transect
the terminal ducts
And separate
the nipple areola complex
From the underlying tissue.
With what margin
of normal tissue?
1 centimeter.
You're certain?
If I can do it
in .5, I will.
But maintaining the integrity
of the vascular supply
Is my priority.
And how do you
excise the parenchyma?
In a fusiform pattern
towards the n.A.C.
And then?
Then I close.
What about the hemoclips?
Oh! Right!
If we don't put the hemoclips
on dana's pectoralis
And lateral edges, there'll be
no guidance for radiation.
Dana, you're talking
about yourself
In the third person now.
Okay, that's it.
We're done here.
(sighs) you are such
a great surgeon,
But you are
the world's worst patient.
Stop taking it out
on everyone.
You're fired. Go away.
Listen, I know that
you're worried.
I am not worried.
I am angry because
you are not up to the job.
(thuds)
you're not angry,
you're scared.
You know what?
That's why charlie left you.
Really? What was
your husband's excuse?
Oh, you are so fired.
This tumor is not going away
because you say so, dana,
And neither am I.
(paper hits floor)
You know,
when sabian medical
Asked me to participate
in the clinical trials...
I jumped.
I thought, finally we'll have
a hip implant
That never needs replacing.
(pen clicks)
This is the result.
Well, don't beat yourself up.
Everyone wants to believe
in the miracle.
Well, you were smart enough
not to get involved.
(chuckles) yeah.
That's only 'cause I got burned
on the last miracle implant.
(drawer clatters)
how about a drink?
Um... (sighs) I really have
to take this to pathology.
Actually,
that's going with me.
You know the terms
of our clinical trial--
Any implant removed
from participants
Becomes the sole property
of sabian medical devices.
What, is that the only reason
That you wanted to conduct
the autopsy--
Just to get your prosthesis?
(sighs)
If there is a design flaw here,
I want to know about it,
And I want to get it fixed.
Yeah, we all do.
(chuckles) okay.
But let's get some
perspective here.
Just one failure out
of 3,000 implants to date.
That's less than
any prosthesis on the market.
(engine turns off)
(dog barks in distance)
(doorbell rings)
Uh, mom, alex is here!
Molly... I'm surprised
you remember me.
Yeah.
Hey.
Um, I'm at sherri's until 11:00
studying french.
Studying or meeting jason?
'cause I don't see a textbook.
C'est ici, ma belle mère.
Good, well, study hard,
because you just called me
Your "mother-in-law."
(groans) oh.
It's "très belle mre."
Yes, love you.
How are you getting home?
Sherri's mom.
God, if that skirt
were any shorter,
It would be a scarf.
I had hem inspection
every morning.
So did I.
Sister valenciaga
with a ruler.
2 1/2 inches
above the knee, max.
You're still fired,
by the way.
I'd quit if I wasn't.
I'm making
carrot and coriander soup.
Or leek and potato,
courgette and mint.
Yes. (sighs) I know.
I've been cooking.
It helps me think.
(clinks)
That's a lot of thinking.
Mm-hmm.
So, doctor...
Making house calls?
Remember the b.R.C.A. Test
you canceled?
Mm-hmm. The one that
saved the hospital $3,000--
What about it?
Well, I guess
they didn't get the facts
Because they sent me
the results.
Oh.
(pot lid clatters)
it's come back positive.
Which means the risk
of a recurrence
Of breast cancer is...
(slams pot lid shut)
80%, yes.
I know the prognosis.
Not great odds.
(chopping)
So they'll have
to come off. Hmm?
Well, I-I think
that's a little hasty.
There may be no need
for a double mastectomy.
Off!
And the ovaries, too.
Just take 'em out.
(chopping continues)
(siren wailing in distance)
Karl thought I was
having an affair
Because I sneak off
thursdays.
Well, we all have
our secrets.
I was gonna tell him
at the recital.
See, I started
teaching this class--
Young kids...
Having their first recital
Thursday.
I thought
maybe you could go.
Be me.
And wear a tutu?
No, thank you.
No.
See, before the kids
go on stage,
We have this secret ritual.
They can't dance without it.
You know, my, um...
Fiancée--
Or I guess, ex-fiancée--
took me to a ballet once.
(sighs) and I fell asleep.
(strained voice) so why
live with the anxiety
Of the recurrence of cancer
when you can take control?
(cork pops)
but is a double mastectomy
the right way?
I'm an all or nothing
kind of gal.
But you want to keep
your nipples?
Definitely.
(bottle thuds)
Losing them reduces the risk
of recurrence to 1%.
(sighs) where the hell
is that pizza?
Ugh, I don't know.
I mean,
After two bowls of soup,
I'm stuffed.
Wait till you see
our delivery guy.
(chuckles) you're drunk.
(doorbell rings)
(clinks)
(cell phone buzzes)
(chuckles) how are you?
(man)
I'm well. How are you?
Hi.
Well, I'm having a crap day.
How about you?
Oh... (chuckles) stop.
Yeah, my spies told me that.
How is she taking it?
I think she's pretty much
in denial.
Extra special topping...
Listen, I was thinking
about that, uh,
That time you took me
to the ballet.
And I just wanted to tell you
that I'm sorry...
(inhales deeply)
I'm sorry for spoiling it
because I fell asleep.
Charlie...
You can't do this.
You can't just call me.
I know.
Anyways, you got it
backwards,
Like you do everything.
I'm the one who worked
the triple shift.
I fell asleep.
You stayed awake.
You loved it.
(sniffs)
(dana, chuckles)
that's strong.
I gotta go.
Have a good evening.
Yes.
(footsteps depart)
(laughing)
I just scored
some pot and a pizza.
(laughter)
Whoo!
(box thuds)
(chuckles) you are
officially out of control.
Because I'm sick and tired
of being in control.
I've been in control
my entire life.
And where has it gotten me?
Huh?
I'm passed over for chief,
my husband has left me
For his secretary,
and I am paying him alimony.
I'm a single mother
with breast cancer...
Who's terrified
that she's never gonna
Live to see her daughter
grow up.
(whispers) dana.
(sobs and inhales sharply)
Sorry, I don't mean to get
maudlin, I--
It's okay.
It's just...
(sighs)
Remember how we used to pray
for these when we were kids?
And then somehow we forget,
right? We--
We just take them for granted,
but they are so useful...
And pretty...
And they feed babies.
Fun for the whole family.
(sighs) girls...
(inhales deeply)
it's been great.
To the pointer sisters.
So I appreciate you coming in
at the last minute.
I know I wasn't supposed
to see you until next month.
I'm just gonna examine
your range of motion.
Has it ever given out on you?
Very, very impressive, mate.
Uh, how about we get you
down to the lab,
Check out your blood,
just to, uh, be safe?
(sighs)
that's it. Just walk.
(exhales deeply)
I hate to put you
through it again.
Um...
This hip has to come out.
It's my anniversary
next month.
I promised my wife
we'd go dancing.
Well, how about I do it
this Thursday?
(sighs)
I'll replace it with
a ceramic.
(p.A. Tone sounds)
(woman speaking indistinctly
on p.A.)
(p.A. Tone sounds)
(grunts) you said you had some
sort of secret magic ritual
For your dancers
for this recital thingy.
I'm not about to tell you
if you're not going.
But it's--it's only magic
that you can do.
Or my emissary.
Me talking to dancers
is stranger than
Me talking to you.
(chuckles)
Tell me what to say.
You'll know what to say.
No leotards, right?
Mnh-mnh.
I'll do it.
Thank you.
(whispers) whoa! Ah, shoot!
(chuckles)
I'm so cold... (blows air)
come on.
(dog barking in distance)
(exhales sharply) okay.
Ah, come on. Don't tell me
we're locked out.
Oh!
No, no, no, no, no, no,
There's a key around here
someplace.
Unbelievable.
Oh, come on.
You had a blast.
You cannonballing
into that pool--
That's the most fun you've had
since this whole charlie thing.
Mm, you don't need to hear
my sad little story.
No, I need to pee.
Pee in a bush.
(whispers) okay.
(wine sloshing in bottle)
Where's the key?
(vehicle approaches,
siren whoops)
Oh, this is not good.
Oh.
(car door closes)
I've got this.
Okay.
(male officer)
evening, ladies.
I had a call--
two naked trespassers.
(police radio chatter)
She said we were allowed to.
Well--
you said we were
allowed to.
Actually...
(chuckles, blows raspberry)
okay, okay.
Officer,
we are not trespassers.
We're actually doctors.
You want a tummy tuck?
I'm your gal.
She lives here.
Great. Let's go with that.
Okay.
Can you tell me
your address?
Oh! Here it is.
Shoot. Empty.
Officer, if you could just
let us in,
She'll be able to prove
that she lives...
(glass breaks)
(radio chatter continues)
Okay.
(handle clicks,
glass shatters)
ooh! We're good to go.
No! I was just--
just please--
Hands on the hood!
Both of you.
(laughs)
(whispers) this is serious.
I know.
(blows raspberry) ooh, hey.
Don't make this a love story.
Okay.
Okay, okay--
anything in your pockets
that could hurt me?
Oh--oh.
Play the card.
No.
Yes, if there was ever a time
to play the card, it's now.
(static, radio chatter)
Officer? Yeah, um...
I-I have cancer,
And so that's medicinal...
For chemo.
I almost have a prescription.
And she's writing me one.
I'm her doctor.
It's--it's fine.
Thanks for calling.
Hey, I need to bring you
up to speed.
I called in all
of our mutual patients.
Um, and I...
You should take a look
at what I discovered.
(purse thuds)
What are those
cloudy bits right there?
My guess is they are
pseudo-cysts.
They are little pieces
of metal that have
Broken away
from the implant.
The immune system
sort of...
Contains them
in the soft tissue.
And, um... It's kind of like
An oyster makes a pearl
out of a grain of sand.
Except these pearls mean
my product is worthless.
Look, if it was only
paulina's hip that had failed,
Then I'd tell you
this is an outlier,
But... To--to have 3
faulty hips out of 2 dozen--
Suggests a catastrophic
design failure.
(alcohol pouring)
It certainly destroys
your chance
Of f.D.A. Approval, yeah.
Mind you, the trouble may not
be with the product.
It may just be the surgeon.
I'm sorry, what did you say?
You're the common denominator
here, joel.
This could be surgical error.
Uh, well, no one
can make that case.
(chuckles) well, it doesn't
have to be true to do damage.
I think you should leave.
Gee, I didn't realize
when we slept together,
That you had such thin skin.
It was one time.
Mm.
It was as night of scotch
and bad judgment.
It was twice,
if you count the elevator...
(chuckles) and I do.
(police radio chatter)
(sighs)
Are you gonna tell molly?
(sighs) why would I put
that anxiety on her?
Right? I mean, her chances
of getting breast cancer,
Even if she has inherited
the b.R.C.A. Gene,
Are almost nil until
she's 35. And...
(radio chatter continues)
(sighs)
(officer speaks indistinctly)
(voice breaking) and I want her
to love her body,
Not fear it.
(police radio chatter)
(officer) okay.
So if I can protect her from
reality a little while longer,
I will.
Well...
My mom never protected me
from anything, so...
Okay.
(sighs)
Everything checks out.
Dr. Kinney,
I'm gonna go next door
And see if I can get
the neighbor to calm down
And forget about this.
So you're not gonna
arrest us?
Um... Ca-can I keep my pot?
(chuckles)
(sighs) my shirley
didn't make it.
Stage 4 ovarian.
(sighs)
You two take care.
(breathes deeply)
good night, ladies.
Good night.
(voice breaking)
alex, please be my surgeon.
(sighs) I can't--
I can't do this alone.
I need to have
a friend in there with me.
Sure, dana, of course.
Mom?
What the hell
is going on here?
(chuckles) oh!
Are you drunk?
(sighs) honey, erase this image
from your mind.
Really, your mother
was possessed by a crazy lady,
But she's back,
and she loves you
Very, very much.
(chuckles) you're drunk.
(sighs deeply)
(monitor beeping steadily,
liquid pouring)
Suctioning now.
(suction gurgling)
Whoa, that is grotty.
(whooshing and gurgling)
How's that looking
for you?
Like we're ready to go,
I think. (chuckles)
Okay, let me loosen
the charnley, charlie.
(clattering)
All right.
(cracks)
(monitor beeps)
(clanks)
(squeaking and clattering)
(joel) ready?
(clanking)
Look at that.
It's in even worse shape
than paulina's.
(thuds)
I think I found
a way to reconcile
With your desire
to keep your nipples.
(scoffs)
Alex, forget my vanity.
All I care about
is being around
To see how molly's life
turns out.
I get that,
but I can save them
And still drop your risk
of recurrence
From 5% down to 1%
If I do
intraoperative radiation
Before reconstruction.
But we don't have
an intrabeam.
We do today.
I called dave rothbarts
at western gen.
His technician is setting it up
in o.R. 3 as we speak.
I'll do the mastectomy,
wheel you next door...
(package rips)
do the radiation,
zip you back over,
And do reconstruction.
I can't believe dave rothbarts
Is lending me
his prized possession.
You have friends, dana...
People who love you.
(inhales sharply)
I was at home,
And someone put this
under my door.
That's a confidential
document, man.
Sir, read it.
Read it.
(sighs)
sabian medical knew.
It's all spelt out
right there. Check the date.
It's last year, before paulina
even had her hip implant.
Have you taken this
to a lawyer?
Of course I have.
But paulina trusted you.
I didn't know anything
about this, man.
I know.
That's why I'm here.
I need your help.
The number two medical device
firm in the world.
What are you, on drugs?
Okay.
Forget I even asked.
Okay, you asked me.
'cause you know that
charlie tilts at windmills,
And you need a sane person
to tell you
That you're gonna
blow up your career.
Oh, come on, dawn.
They knew.
How?
They knew the alloy would fail,
and yet they kept going.
They made a calculation
that profits they would make
Would be ten times what they'd
eventually have to pay out
On the prosthesis that failed.
Paulina durrell was just
a line item to them.
Ten hospitals participated
in this trial.
Seven of those hips
have failed.
Paulina's the first fatality.
Whether we want to or not.
Well, here comes
the drama queen.
Every news story is not
gonna be "dr. Joel goran."
It's gonna be "dr. Joel goran,
chief of surgery at hope zion."
Dawn, they knew
the hip would fail,
And yet,
they sold it anyway.
A woman died here.
My patient died.
I have 2 dozen other patients
out there with the same implant.
I can't do nothing.
And you can't be
an effective chief
If you take this on.
Alex is bringing her down
in five.
Okay?
So the lawyer's
on his way here to meet me.
Just think it through, joel.
Before you agree to anything,
just...
(slides paper, taps table)
Really think it through.
(chair clatters)
(inhales and exhales deeply)
(sighs)
I  lovethis drug.
Mm.
Mmm...
(chuckles)
Emilia, have you gotten
your tv fixed yet?
Uh, no, but I, uh,
check out tomorrow.
You know what? 'cause I have
a big tv in my room.
So why don't you come down
and watch it there?
Uh, wow, sure. Thank--
thank you.
Okay. Good.
Oh.
Is she stoned?
Oh, my gosh. Oh, you guys.
Dana, you look like you could
use a really awful hat.
Oh. (chuckles)
You're with the best.
The very best.
Yeah.
And hey, at least it's not
on your face, right?
Right.
(laughter)
You just let us know.
Yeah, errands, anything.
I'll see you in there.
Yeah... Yeah, yeah.
You're not losing 'em,
you're just replacing 'em.
And you have a very good
chance of survival.
(laughs)
first year med,
You gave that lecture
on the art of surgery.
(joel) yeah, you make us all
better, dana.
It's time to return the favor.
(sighs) thanks, guys.
Ready?
All right.
(wheels clacking)
(chuckles)
I'm fine.
I'll just hold your hand
while you get the needle.
(exhales sharply
and whispers) okay.
(breathing deeply)
(monitor beeping steadily)
Is she out?
Oh, yeah. She's had
the plat du jour--
A hundred mics of fentanyl,
with a side of propofol.
(inhales deeply) knife.
(exhales deeply)
Okay.
(alex) kocher's.
(instruments clattering)
(whispers) all right.
Retractor.
(beeps)
(instruments continue
clattering)
(instrument clacks)
cautery.
(high-pitched whirring,
searing)
Way to work that superomedial.
I feel like I'm on
the dark side of the moon.
We got just the music
for that.
Not today, victor.
(monitors beeping)
Hey.
(inhales sharply
and exhales deeply)
People need to stop
doing that.
Supposed to hate you.
(scoffs) I want to.
But then I look at you,
And you seem as lost
and heartbroken as she does.
(sighs)
You still love her?
More than sunshine.
Then I can't figure out
why you did it.
Why don't you take alex
to dinner?
Talk to her,
listen to her.
Be her friend.
Just focus on that.
I can palpate the tumor.
(inhales deeply)
here it comes.
(beeps)
Maggie, mark the orientation
with a lateral stitch.
Okay.
It's about 3 centimeters.
Yeah, let's get it to pathology.
(sighs)
Ow!
(grunts and pants)
(groaning) ow.
These drains hurt like hell.
They pull up my skin.
Are they supposed to be
just hanging down like this?
Here, I, um, I--
I brought you this.
It's a, um, it's a--
it's a runner's belt.
They carry water in them,
but it--it works. (chuckles)
Well...
Thank you.
Yeah.
Listen, um,
about the other day, um--
Yeah, you were--
you were really bitchy.
I mean, how are you gonna
survive chemo and radiation
If you don't learn
how to fight?
I'm... Still mad at you.
Good.
Yeah, like... (grunts)
(grunts) yes--
yes, like that.
(chuckles)
good, we're gonna
work on that.
Okay.
Okay. (chuckles)
(indistinct conversations,
telephone ringing in distance)
Hey, guys. Uh, I have
a little announcement to make.
I'm afraid
a situation's arisen
That makes my continuing here
as chief of surgery untenable.
I'm therefore resigning
effective immediately.
Wow.
Why? What's going on?
Wow. Kaboom...
(imitates explosion)
(gavin) who's gonna be
the interim chief?
(shahir clears throat)
Well, I-I think it has to be
someone fair, you know,
Tough-minded and...
And objective.
Obviously, that's for
the board to decide.
Well, until that time, I'd like
to take this opportunity
To throw my support
behind dawn.
Okay.
♪
I'm in. Let's do it.
Take it easy.
I know. I know.
Nice.
(wheels and lever clack)
The pathology report for
your sentinel node dissection...
Negative.
Mom, that's great.
It is, right?
It means I'm gonna be around
for a while.
Good. (chuckles)
I thought you might want
to go over my pitch
To the tumor board
for staging of chemo.
No. I trust my doctor.
We can go over it tomorrow.
No, no. Don't go.
Don't go.
Stay, it's about to start.
Sorry, I'm late. Popcorn.
Ooh.
I snuck this past
the nurses' station.
(chuckles)
It's a party.
(molly) come on!
Come on!
Come on.
Oh, what the hell.
(laughter)
(molly) it's starting,
it's starting, it's starting.
(dana) oh.
♪
(emilia) gimme some of that.
Oh, I love it already.
(mouth full) me, too.
Okay, they're gonna let
the audience in, in a second,
But before they do,
I wanted to share
A message with you from
your teacher--miss paulina--
Who, unfortunately,
couldn't be with us tonight.
Um, and she said,
"tonight...
"you are the keepers
of your own pixie dust.
"so carry it with you.
"and remember
our little secret.
"every night is opening night,
"and every step you take
is magic.
So carry that in your hearts."
Oh, and--
and who's colleen?
Um...
Keep your toe out.
Anyway, one... Two...
Three! Yay!
(girls) yay!
Okay, places, everybody.
Places!
(girls giggling)
(man) ♪ just breathe